<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en"><head>
<meta http-equiv="content-type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8">
    <meta charset="UTF-8">
    <meta http-equiv="X-UA-Compatible" content="IE=edge">
    <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0">
    <title>Portfolio</title>
    <link rel="preconnect" href="https://fonts.googleapis.com/"><link rel="preconnect" href="https://fonts.gstatic.com/" crossorigin=""><link href="pradip%20Portfolio%20pdf_files/css2" rel="stylesheet">
    <link rel="preconnect" href="https://fonts.googleapis.com/"><link rel="preconnect" href="https://fonts.gstatic.com/" crossorigin=""><link href="pradip%20Portfolio%20pdf_files/css2_002" rel="stylesheet">
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="pradip%20Portfolio%20pdf_files/slick.css">
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="pradip%20Portfolio%20pdf_files/slick.css">

    <link rel="stylesheet" href="pradip%20Portfolio%20pdf_files/22dec.css">
</head>
<body>
    <header>
        <div class="container">
        <nav class="flex  items-center justify-between">
            <div class="alpha">
            <img src="pradip%20Portfolio%20pdf_files/pradip-logo.png" alt="logo" width="100px">
        </div>
            <div class="left flex items-center">
                <div class="branding">
                    <img src="pradip%20Portfolio%20pdf_files/logo.svg" alt=""></div>
                    <div>
                        <a href="#">Home</a>
                        <a href="#about">About</a>
                        <a href="#servise">Services</a>
                        <a href="#work">Work</a>
                        <a href="#blog">Blog</a>
                        
                    </div>
                </div>
            <div class="right">
                <button class="btn btn-primary">contact</button>
            </div>
        </nav>
        <div class="hero flex items-center justify-between">
            <div class="left  flex-1 justify-center">
                <img src="pradip%20Portfolio%20pdf_files/pradip-profile.jpeg" alt="man images">
            </div>
            <div class="right flex-1">
                <h6>Pradip Kumar Panjiyar</h6>
                <h1>I'm a <span>Programmer</span> </h1>
                <p>I believe that good software has the power to change 
the world and make it a better place.I believe that continuous learning 
and staying up to date with the latest technologies is essential for a 
good programmer.
                    </p>
                    <div>
                        <button class="download-cv">DOWNLOAD CV</button>
                    </div>
            </div>
        </div>
    </div>
    </header>
    <section id="about" class="about">
        <div class="container flex items-center">
            <div class="flex-1">
                <img class="about-me-img" src="pradip%20Portfolio%20pdf_files/pradip-profile.jpeg" alt="profile images" width="250px"> 
            </div>
            
            <div class="flex-1"><h1>About <span>Me<span><h1>
                </h1><h3>Hello! i'm Pradip Kumar Panjiyar.</h3>
                <p>
                 I am a computer student and purshing B.tech from 
Central Institute of Technology Kokrajhar,Assam . I’m skilled with C,C++
 ,HTML,CSS and Java, and I am trying to learn other programming 
languages, step by step. I try to get the most out of my time at the 
college, and have some edge once I graduate, which is the primary reason
 why I seek a part time job with you.</p>
                 <p>I’m a strong communicator and I take pride in my 
honesty, too. In university, I led multiple clubs and group projects 
where I had the chance to build my communication skills including public
 speaking. And I’m always clear and upfront in my communication. I’m 
proud of the fact that I’m honest and transparent in my work. I saw on 
your job description that this position may lead some committees and 
meetings, so that’s one detail that attracted me to your organization 
and made me think I’d be able to put my communication skills to good use
 here.</p>
            </span></span></h1></div>
            <div class="social">
                <a href="#"><img src="pradip%20Portfolio%20pdf_files/facebookicon.jpg" alt="facebook icon" width="35px"></a>
                <a href="#"><img src="pradip%20Portfolio%20pdf_files/twittericon.jpg" alt="twitter icon" width="35px"></a>
                <a href="#"><img src="pradip%20Portfolio%20pdf_files/instaicon.jpg" alt="facebook" width="35px"></a>
                
                <a href="#"><img src="pradip%20Portfolio%20pdf_files/discod.jpg" alt="discod icon" width="35px"></a>
            </div>
           </div>
    </section>
    <section id="servise" class="services">
        <div class="container">
            <h1 class="section-heading"><span>Our</span>  services</h1>
            <p>We provide high standar clean website for your business solution</p>
            <div class="card-wrapper">
                <div class="card">
                <img src="pradip%20Portfolio%20pdf_files/brushicon.jpg" alt="brush">
                <h2>Graphic Design</h2>
                <p>Graphic design is an interdisciplinary branch of design and of the fine arts</p>
             </div>
                <div class="card">
                    <img src="pradip%20Portfolio%20pdf_files/mediaicon.png" alt="brush">
                    <h2>Social Media</h2>
                    <p>Social media refers to the means of interactions 
among people in which they create, share, and/or exchange information 
and ideas in virtual communities and networks.</p>
                 </div>
                 <div class="card">
                     <img src="pradip%20Portfolio%20pdf_files/codeicon.png" alt="brush">

                     <h2> Programmers</h2><p>Computer programmers use 
programming languages to write, test, and maintain code. These essential
 tech professionals create programs and software that millions of people
 use every day.Graphic design is an interdisciplinary branch of design 
and of the fine arts</p>
                </div>
                <div class="card">
                    <img src="pradip%20Portfolio%20pdf_files/desktopicon.jpg" alt="brush">
                    <h2>Desktop Computer</h2>
                    <p>A desktop computer is a personal computing device
 designed to fit on top of a typical office desk. It houses the physical
 hardware that makes a computer run and connects to input devices such 
as the monitor, keyboard and mouse users interact with</p>
                </div>
                <div class="card">
                    <img src="pradip%20Portfolio%20pdf_files/iphone.png" alt="brush">
                    <h2>Smartphone</h2>
                    <p>A smartphone is a cellular telephone with an 
integrated computer and other features not originally associated with 
telephones such as an operating system, web browsing, and the ability to
 run software applications.</p>
                </div>
                 <div class="card">
                    <img src="pradip%20Portfolio%20pdf_files/ai.png" alt="brush">
                    <h2>Artificial Intelligence </h2>
                    <p>Artificial intelligence is the simulation of human intelligence processes by machines, especially computer systems. </p>
                 </div>
            </div>
        </div>
    </section>
    <section id="freelancer" class="freelancer">
        <h1>I am Available For Freeelancer</h1>
        <p>I will provide high standard clean website for your business solution</p>
        <button class="btn btn-primary">DOWNLOAD CV</button>
    </section>
    <section class="reviews">
        <div class="container">
            <h1 class="section-heading"><span>Our</span> Client</h1>
            <p>We are proud of our reputation for quality. The fact that we make a difference for our clients is truly satisfying. </p>
            <div class="slider">
                <div class="slide">
                    <img src="pradip%20Portfolio%20pdf_files/lady.png" alt="client about-me-img">
                    <p>"Let's take most of the money we would've spent 
on paid advertising and paid marketing and instead of spending it on 
that, invest it in the customer experience/customer service and then let
 our customers do the marketing for us through word of mouth."</p>
                    <span>Tony Hsieh, CEO of Zappos</span>
                    <div class="slide">
                        <img src="pradip%20Portfolio%20pdf_files/ceo2.jpeg" alt="client about-me-img">
                        <p>"It comes down to how your customer experiences the brand – and how that brand makes a person feel."&nbsp;</p>
                        <span>Alex Allwood, CEO of The Holla Agency</span>
                    </div>
                    <div class="slide">
                        <img src="pradip%20Portfolio%20pdf_files/jeff.jpg" alt="error">
                        <p>"Get closer than ever to your customers. So close that you tell them what they need well before they realize it themselves."</p>
                        <span>Steve Jobs, Co-Founder and former CEO of Apple</span>
                    </div>
                    <div class="slide">
                        <img src="pradip%20Portfolio%20pdf_files/ceo1.jpeg" alt="client about-me-img">
                        <p>"The basic of business is to stay as close as
 possible from your customers, understand their behavior, their 
preferences, their purchasing patterns, etc."</p>
                        <span>Indra Nooyi, former CEO of Pepsi Co</span>
                    </div>
                </div>
            </div>
        </div>
      
    </section>
  <section id="work" class="work">
    <div class="container">
        <h1 class="section-heading"><span>My</span> Work</h1>
        <p>I’m a strong communicator and I take pride in my honesty, 
too. In university, I led multiple clubs and group projects where I had 
the chance to build my communication skills including public speaking. 
And I’m always clear and upfront in my communication. I’m proud of the 
fact that I’m honest and transparent in my work. I saw on your job 
description that this position may lead some committees and meetings, so
 that’s one detail that attracted me to your organization and made me 
think I’d be able to put my communication skills to good use here.</p>
        <div class="card-wrapper">
            <div class="card">
                <div class="overlay">
                    <span>Category</span>
                    <a href="#">Web Devlopment</a>
                </div>
                <img src="pradip%20Portfolio%20pdf_files/web-devlopment.jpg" alt="mobile phone">
            </div>
            <div class="card">
                <div class="overlay">
                    <span>Category</span>
                    <a href="#">C/C++ Programming Language</a>
                </div>
                <img src="pradip%20Portfolio%20pdf_files/candc.jpg" alt="mobile phone">
            </div>
            <div class="card">
                <div class="overlay">
                    <span>Category</span>
                    <a href="#">Node. js </a>
                </div>
                <img src="pradip%20Portfolio%20pdf_files/node1.png" alt="mobile phone">
            </div>
            <div class="card">
                <div class="overlay">
                    <span>Category</span>
                    <a href="#">PHP</a>
                </div>
                <img src="pradip%20Portfolio%20pdf_files/php-img.jpeg" alt="mobile phone">
            </div>
            <div class="card">
                <div class="overlay">
                    <span>Category</span>
                    <a href="#">Chegg Expert</a>
                </div>
                <img src="pradip%20Portfolio%20pdf_files/chegg-img.png" alt="mobile phone">
            </div>
            <div class="card">
                <div class="overlay">
                    <span>Category</span>
                    <a href="#">JAVA Programming language</a>
                </div>
                <img src="pradip%20Portfolio%20pdf_files/java-img.png" alt="mobile phone">
            </div>
            
        </div>
    </div>
  </section>
  <section id="blog" class="blog">
     <div class="container"> 
         <h1 class="section-heading"><span>My </span> Blog</h1>
         <p>A platform where a writer or a group of writers share their views on an individual subject.</p>
         <div class="card-wrapper">
            <div class="card">
                <div class="img-wrapper">
                    <img src="pradip%20Portfolio%20pdf_files/article-ph-1.png" alt="article img">
                </div>
                <div class="card-content"><a href="#"><h1>Smarthone</h1></a>
                <span>22 Decenber ,2022</span>
                <p>The cell phone is one of the coolest, most useful, 
and convenient electronic devices of all time. It also happens to be one
 of the most complex technically, not only internally but also because 
it is part of the largest communications network in the universe, the 
telephone system.</p>
                <a href="#">Read More</a>
                </div>
            </div>
            <div class="card">
                <div class="img-wrapper">
                    <img src="pradip%20Portfolio%20pdf_files/article-ph-1.png" alt="article img">
                </div>
                <div class="card-content"><a href="#"><h1>Smarthone</h1></a>
                <span>22 Decenber ,2022</span>
                <p>The cell phone is one of the coolest, most useful, 
and convenient electronic devices of all time. It also happens to be one
 of the most complex technically, not only internally but also because 
it is part of the largest communications network in the universe, the 
telephone system.</p>
                <a href="#">Read More</a>
                </div>
            </div>
            <div class="card">
                <div class="img-wrapper">
                    <img src="pradip%20Portfolio%20pdf_files/article-ph-1.png" alt="article img">
                </div>
                <div class="card-content"><a href="#"><h1>Smarthone</h1></a>
                <span>22 Decenber ,2022</span>
                <p>The cell phone is one of the coolest, most useful, 
and convenient electronic devices of all time. It also happens to be one
 of the most complex technically, not only internally but also because 
it is part of the largest communications network in the universe, the 
telephone system.</p>
                <a href="#">Read More</a>
                </div>&gt;
            </div>

         </div>
     </div>   
  </section>
  <footer>
    
        <img class="footer-logo" src="pradip%20Portfolio%20pdf_files/pradip-logo.png" alt="" x="" width="75px">
    <div class="footer-social">
      
        <a href=""> <img src="pradip%20Portfolio%20pdf_files/facebookicon.jpg" alt="" width="20px">  </a>
        <a href=""></a><img src="pradip%20Portfolio%20pdf_files/twittericon.jpg" alt="" width="20px">  
        <a href=""></a><img src="pradip%20Portfolio%20pdf_files/GitHub-logo.png" alt="" width="20px">  
        <a href=""></a><img src="pradip%20Portfolio%20pdf_files/discod.jpg" alt="" width="20px&gt;">  
        <a href=""></a><img src="pradip%20Portfolio%20pdf_files/linked-logo.jpg" alt="" width="20px">  
    </div>
    <div class="copyright">
        Copyright 2022 © ‘C and ℗ ‘P pradip ,All Right Reversved
    </div>
</footer>
<!-- Code injected by live-server -->
<script>
	// <![CDATA[  <-- For SVG support
	if ('WebSocket' in window) {
		(function () {
			function refreshCSS() {
				var sheets = [].slice.call(document.getElementsByTagName("link"));
				var head = document.getElementsByTagName("head")[0];
				for (var i = 0; i < sheets.length; ++i) {
					var elem = sheets[i];
					var parent = elem.parentElement || head;
					parent.removeChild(elem);
					var rel = elem.rel;
					if (elem.href && typeof rel != "string" || rel.length == 0 || rel.toLowerCase() == "stylesheet") {
						var url = elem.href.replace(/(&|\?)_cacheOverride=\d+/, '');
						elem.href = url + (url.indexOf('?') >= 0 ? '&' : '?') + '_cacheOverride=' + (new Date().valueOf());
					}
					parent.appendChild(elem);
				}
			}
			var protocol = window.location.protocol === 'http:' ? 'ws://' : 'wss://';
			var address = protocol + window.location.host + window.location.pathname + '/ws';
			var socket = new WebSocket(address);
			socket.onmessage = function (msg) {
				if (msg.data == 'reload') window.location.reload();
				else if (msg.data == 'refreshcss') refreshCSS();
			};
			if (sessionStorage && !sessionStorage.getItem('IsThisFirstTime_Log_From_LiveServer')) {
				console.log('Live reload enabled.');
				sessionStorage.setItem('IsThisFirstTime_Log_From_LiveServer', true);
			}
		})();
	}
	else {
		console.error('Upgrade your browser. This Browser is NOT supported WebSocket for Live-Reloading.');
	}
	// ]]>
</script>

</body></html>